# CS-330 Computer Graphics and Visualization

When it comes to designing software, I think there are several ways to approach it. I think that first it is important to understand the problem and ask questions to the client. I think it is a good idea to make sure that you have clear requirements to work from. I think it is important to have a plan before any work is done and that large problems need to be broken down into smaller, more manageable pieces. The design skills that I have learned from this course will help me in the future. Working on the larger assignments in this course helped me break a problem down into peices and complete each piece and make sure it works befre moving on to the next piece. During the creation of the project, I focused on the resrouces I was given and read the documentation to help me implement each part of the project. This will help me in future projects because I got to practice and learn how to figure out something new this semestr that I was not previously familiar with. I used several straegies when creating my 3D scene. I attempted to build my scene piece by piece. I first started with creating the shapes. I think focused on postioning them and applying the textures and this part caused my issues and took a while to figure out. I looked at examples in the resources proided to hep me with this. After this, I appled for camera and lighting with the keyboard functionality. Iteration was an important part for this proess. I was consistantly checking if the code would compile after a few changes so that I could have an easier time debugging and finding my errors. This will help me develop code in the future because I had to constantly iterate my code and figure out my erros as well as look up error codes so that I could understand them and fix them. Computer scienece can help me reach my goals because it will teach me the sills I need to reach my goal for working as a software engineer. This class will help me in future classes because I had practice in implementing new libraries and configuring dependecies which was tricky at first but I became more comfortable with it. I tink that having some computer graphics skills can help in the future beauseit is another skill that I can put on my resume and also help me if I have to create a custom design in the future.
